Adding::Glossary for Unit-1 (#109)
huggingface/deep-rl-class: .units/unit1/glossary.mdx

### Tasks
- **Episodic**: Has a starting point and an ending point.
- **Continuous**: Has a starting point but no ending point.

### Exploration v/s Exploitation Trade-Off
- **Exploration**: It's all about exploring the environment by trying random actions and receiving feedback/returns/rewards from the environment.
- **Exploitation**: It's about exploiting what we know about the environment to gain maximum rewards.
- **Exploration-Exploitation Trade-Off**: It balances how much we want to **explore** the environment and how much we want to **exploit** what we know about the environment.

### Policy
- **Policy**: It is called the agent's brain. It tells us what action to take, given the state.
- **Optimal Policy**: Policy that **maximizes** the **expected return** when an agent acts according to it. It is learned through *training*.

### Policy-based Methods:
- An approach to solving RL problems.
- In this method, the Policy is learned directly. 
- Will map each state to the best corresponding action at that state. Or a probability distribution over the set of possible actions at that state.

### Value-based Methods:
- Another approach to solving RL problems.

> - Here, instead of training a policy, we train a **value function** that maps each state to the expected value of being in that state.

Reviewer: Awesome work !

I would add two things:

Contributions are welcomed 🤗
If you want to improve the course, you can [open a Pull Request.](https://github.com/huggingface/deep-rl-class/pulls)

This glossary was made possible thanks to:

- [@lucifermorningstar1305](https://github.com/lucifermorningstar1305)
- [@daspartho](https://github.com/daspartho)
- [@misza222](https://github.com/misza222)

Author: Hi Thomas, 

I have added the Contributions section, as you requested.

> # Glossary [[glossary]]
> 
> ### Markov Property

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Glossary [[glossary]]

This is a community-created glossary. Contributions are welcomed!

### Markov Property
```

- **Exploration**: It's all about exploring the environment by trying random actions and receiving feedback/returns/rewards from the environment.
- **Exploitation**: It's about exploiting what we know about the environment to gain maximum rewards.
- **Exploration-Exploitation Trade-Off**: It balances how much we want to **explore** the environment and how much we want to **exploit** what we know about the environment.

### Policy
- **Policy**: It is called the agent's brain. It tells us what action to take, given the state.
- **Optimal Policy**: Policy that **maximizes** the **expected return** when an agent acts according to it. It is learned through *training*.

### Policy-based Methods:
- An approach to solving RL problems.
- In this method, the Policy is learned directly. 
- Will map each state to the best corresponding action at that state. Or a probability distribution over the set of possible actions at that state.

### Value-based Methods:
- Another approach to solving RL problems.
- Here, instead of training a policy, we train a **value function** that maps each state to the expected value of being in that state.

Contributions are welcomed :hugs:

> If you want to improve the course, you can [open a Pull Request.](https://github.com/huggingface/deep-rl-class/pulls)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to improve the course, you can [open a Pull Request.](https://github.com/huggingface/deep-rl-class/blob/main/.units/unit1/glossary.mdx)
```
